I'm going for shovels on dialysis swords
also all the people kevin would like in
have one too I'm doing shovels in
dias and ages also people guerine
love it then jean kevin I'm not
not a kikoo lol
people's houses I claws them and
I steal it's my passion it's
really too lol I take my lighter
and I'm doing like niche people are
not happy anyway I do not care
in two minutes I will not be us
buried in a hole to see the diamond
it's my goal and it can matter
the consequences in all cases I
burn I take shovels and
picks all houses play them
hooks they are not boyd tus and I
I will be able to piss you off
enemies arrive I pretend nothing I
do style that I have then that I do not
do nothing each time it's the same
thing
and sometimes I propose to them the devil
the overdose me I ask my prose jean
kévin for the losc I do not like the
sees all this is for me the men
I prefer to play and it's the devil
swords too all the people who there
live
we would like to have one too
I do dias plans and ages too
the people who are
he loves it in mexican skiing he is
always nickel judging that had everything
that I see I fart
the diamond gives me class these
people of cernon not self that it's not
serious anyway it's me the best
but what are you people she
stop fooling her all you
doors on you for most cases
you stolen accuse me not wrong I nothing
stolen I have no cheap and not even x ray
know enough to tell you that in the
sea two 7th rank pautot cap his val de
and soon kevin petitjean
stop lying to us we have the files
of log
we will be able to run you good ok it was
me all i want is diam's
I stole it's not serious do not beat me
do not know I will not play again
balloons dia
stp also all the people who live
would like to have one too
I'm going for shovels in dias and and ages
as well
kevin people love it
yep I fly I troll do not treat me
of small who all lol if I do that
it's because I think it's too much
Funny lol I claw throw conne all
your coffers but hey it's not my fault
if I am a troll promised tomorrow
I will stop making July 20
dialysis shovels of swords also all
people who live
we would like to have one also thrown
diam and dh balloons too
the people who are
line adore that delicate stone this to all
kevin people
all trolls and all kikoo lol
because without you minecraft it would be
really different
2012 newsletter
dir